Material. The stimuli consisted of 192 object pictures chosen from the Bank of Standardized Stimuli (BOSS; Brodeur et al., 2010) and Google Images. Out of the 192, 144 object pictures were presented during the learning phase and all pictures were shown during the testing phase.


Procedure. Each experiment session consisted of 2 participants who performed the experiment simultaneously on two separate monitors. Participants were seated approximately 50 cm away from each other and a wooden partition was placed between them when they performed the recognition memory task. They were provided were provided detailed instructions regarding the recognition memory task (see below) and performed a series of practice trials with filler stimuli prior to the start of the task.

Recognition Memory Task. The task was divided into 6 blocks and each block consisted of learning phase followed by testing phase. During the learning phase, participants viewed object pictures corresponding to non-mentalizing (OLD-OLD) and other-mentalizing (OLD-NEW) conditions. OLD-OLD object pictures were presented inside a blue colored frame and participants were informed if on a trial a picture appeared inside blue frame then it meant that both participants were viewing the same picture. OLD-NEW object pictures were presented inside a yellow colored frame and participants were informed if on a trial a picture appeared inside yellow frame then it meant it was only shown to them but not to the other participant. When a participant was shown an OLD-NEW trial, the other participant was shown a white frame with no object picture. Each trial lasted for 2000 ms. 
Participants were instructed to pay attention to the object pictures and as an attention check they were asked to report as soon as possible whether they saw an image or not on every trial using keyboard keys. During each of the 6 learning phase, each participant was exposed to 8 OLD-OLD (shown inside blue frame), 8 OLD-NEW (shown inside yellow frame), and 8 NO-IMAGE (only shown white frame) trials. Across the 6 blocks of learning phase, each participant underwent 48 OLD-OLD, 48 OLD-NEW, and 48 NO-IMAGE trials.
Within each block, the testing phase began 10 s after the completion of the learning phase. During testing phase, participants were shown the object pictures from the learning phase as well as new object pictures and they were instructed to respond using keyboard keys as quickly as possible whether the presented image was previously viewed (OLD-OLD and OLD-NEW) or not (NEW-NEW). All images were presented without any colored frame and each trial on the testing phase lasted for 2000 ms. In each testing phase, a participant was shown 16 previously viewed object pictures (8 OLD-OLD & 8 OLD-NEW) and 16 new object pictures (NEW-NEW); therefore, across 6 blocks of testing phase, each participant performed 48 OLD-OLD, 48 OLD-NEW and 96 NEW-NEW trials.
Trial presentation was randomized and synchronized between the 2 participants on both learning and testing phase. Each trial on both phases was preceded by the presentation of a fixation cross jittered between 1000-1300 ms. Both participants’ brain activity was recorded using Simultaneous EEG throughout the task. A 30 s break was provided in between the task (i.e. after the completion of the 3rd block). The entire task lasted approximately 25 minutes.
